British English Academy.
B1 listening activity.
Course: B1 Independent English.
Module 3: Travel, Culture and Narratives.
Lesson 5: Travel, Culture and Narratives: Speaking Lesson 5.
Listen for the opinion, reason and example.
Listen to the model answer. Then prepare your own short speaking response.
Learning objective: Learners can explain, narrate, give reasons and manage familiar situations in a speaking task about workplace.
Today you will practise language connected to workplace.
Target language: present perfect.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise speaking for travel, culture and narratives. You will learn useful language connected to workplace and practise present perfect. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B1 level.